My Chocolatey config===========================================What is Chocolatey?-------------------------------------------------------------------------Like apt-get or homebrew for Windows: [https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey/wiki](https://github.com/chocolatey/chocolatey/wiki)What is this "choco.config" file?-------------------------------------------------------------------------In addition to the manual Chocolatey commands to find and install individual programs, you can point your command to a (xml formatted) text file that contains a list of multiple programs and have Chocolatey install them all automatically, usually silently (depends on the program's installer). This is really useful when rebuilding your machine or building a new one quickly.How do I use the file?-------------------------------------------------------------------------Well, **first**, install Chocolatey obviously. If you have a Windows machine with Powershell installed (comes with Windows 8, either comes with or can be installed on other versions going back to XP I think), then just use the instructions here: [https://chocolatey.org/](https://chocolatey.org/)**Next**, why not crack open *choco.config*  in a text editor and make sure you want to install everything inside? You'll notice that I've organized it into sections, and some or all of them are commented out, since I typically install the sections separately for various reasons (I could use multiple files for this, but currently, well, I'm not), so you'll need to un-comment the ones you want.**Finally**, run the following command and sit back and let Chocolatey do its work. Depending on the program being installed and how your system's configured, you may need to respond to graphical installers and UAC prompts.    cinst choco.configThis is shorthand for:    chocolatey install choco.configAfter that, you can launch any of the programs listed in the file as you would normally - hit Start, type the name of the program (ex. "Chrome") and hit Enter.Why did I post this file?-------------------------------------------------------------------------This is actually my first github repo - I use plenty for work, but this is my first personal one - and I wanted to keep it simple. Feel free to modify/fork/copy/steal this file as the mood takes you. Enjoy!